## You have agreed to the CLA for analogdevicesinc/precision-converters-firmware

### Contributor License Agreement

We appreciate community contributions to precision-converters-firmware code repositories that Analog Devices Inc. (ADI) have open sourced. By signing a contributor license agreement, we can ensure that the community is free to use your contributions. It’s the easiest way for you to give us permission to use your contributions. You do not surrender ownership of your contribution, and you do not give up any of your rights to use your contribution elsewhere. In effect, you’re giving us a licence, but you still own the copyright — so you retain the right to modify your code and use it in other projects.

1. Definitions. References to “you” in this agreement include your employer or anyone else for whom you are acting in making your submission, e.g. as a contractor, vendor, or agent. If your submission is made in the course of your work for an employer or your employer has intellectual property rights in your submission by contract or applicable law, you must secure permission from your employer to make the submission before signing this agreement. In that case, the term “You” in this Agreement will refer to you and the employer collectively. If you change employers in the future and desire to submit additional submissions for the new employer, then you agree to sign a new Agreement and secure permission from the new employer before submitting. You must agree to the terms of this agreement before making a submission to the project (github repository). This Agreement covers any and all submissions that you, now or in the future, submit.

2. Your Submission. You represent that each of your submissions is entirely your original work. Should you wish to submit work that is not your original creation, you may submit it separately, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

3. Licenses. 3a Copyright: You grant ADI, and those who receive the Submission directly or indirectly from ADI (via github or any other distribution medium), a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute the submission and such derivative works, and to sublicense any or all of the foregoing rights to third parties. 3b Patent License. You grant ADI, and those who receive the submission directly or indirectly from ADI, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license under your patent claims that are necessarily infringed by the submission or the combination of the submission with the Project to which it was submitted to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import or otherwise dispose of the submission alone or with the Project.

4. Representations and Warranties You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above licenses. You represent that each of your submissions is entirely your original work. You represent that you have secured permission from your employer to make the submission in cases where your submission is made in the course of Your work for Your employer or your employer has intellectual property rights in your submission by contract or applicable law. If You are signing this agreement on behalf of Your employer, you represent and warrant that you have the necessary authority to bind the listed employer to the obligations contained in this Agreement. You are not expected to provide support for Your Submission, unless You choose to do so. UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, AND EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY STATED, THE SUBMISSION PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. Information about Submissions. You agree that contributions to Projects and information about contributions may be maintained indefinitely and disclosed publicly, including Your name and other information that you submit with your submission. This specifically is for legitimate grounds, and removes the right to be forgotten, as part of the EU general data protection regulation (GPDR).